Hello World, 
   What are we On?? First we are alowly becoming the Only Google Expert in our area. With this being said, we are also a Freelance Cyber Security Specialist and Development Company. Fresh out of College, with Years of Certificates building Up. However in College they only teach Microsoft and Linux. As we are constantly attacked, trying to vuew deep inside the Google company, we have begun to take Bug Hunting at a entirely different level. Thus being said on Google's VRP Page, it says if we can recreate attacks on us, patch our own systems, or come across a Bug we can reproduce qe can be awarded. Being a American and the Brokest New Business ever, everyone has been testing or refusing to honor us. Being deliberately indifferent because we are American. Atkeast this is how it seems, get attacked by someone then Google atatcks us eight behind. Now as we are growing into our Career and slowly focusing on Developing Mobil Apps and Extensions that will aid woth the Rest Trying to secure and protect the little people from the malicious activities that lurk around every corner unknown. However focusing in this field, it has Been businesses that have resorted to attacking us, in any type of way imaginable. These events are occuring all across the Globe, and as we set out to make a New Security app, everything but supporters have been sent out way. But their is no need to fear, as 99% of attacks reaply are unsuccessful, and this is only a Minor Delay in our Development for the Future of Cyber Security, woth Robots that will cover every endpoint and mechanism in your device, created into a Background package that their will be no need to ever even activate, as it will be Self-Learning. If you wish to Support us, you can file a Petition to Google to quit their ongoing harassment and their cruel and unusual acts of punishment for we still have no clue? But in the following weeks, Previews and Public Models will be Soon to Come. Again these Future Projects are not to replace any Security but to Aid along in combat to help defend your Privacy and Data. 
Thank You
T.B
Aka Daily 